Hello class,

The article A review of Artificial Intelligence Algorithms Used for Smart Machine Tools, extensively uncovers many of the important industry-related uses for AI in several scenarios. A big piece of this article I believe comes at the end in the conclusion section: "Most of these (other Articles) displayed the current related issues that are required to be solved before the different mechanical problems could be tackled. This was especially so for complex smart machine tools." It goes to show that while industries all over the world are attempting to understand and incorporate AI into their business model, some industries still encounter obstacles that hold them back from complete integration. While algorithms are meant to be specialized and tailored to a task at hand, Many AI programs are built to attack a general problem and then modeled to a specialization. Mechanical diagnosis and smart manufacturing algorithms don't necessarily know they are looking to design a more improved version of a motor vehicle strut but rather try to optimize the manufacturing processes and produce a less problematic product based on the models it was built from. That being said, different algorithms serve different purposes so inherently no algorithm is "The Best" but there are some that are better at accomplishing a task than others. You wouldn't normally ask a professional bowler to play for an NFL team. They could do it, but not well. This is true for learning algorithms and the different approaches they take to train their models. For example, I would pick a DNN over a CNN to assist with trend analysis on businesses, the crypto market, or even potential social media trend ebbs and flows. I would not use DNNs over CNN to identify facial patterns and ticks in a lie detector test. While DNNs excel at analyzing and processing hierarchal information with structure that can provide a potential output, CNNs excel at the temporal and spatial interpretation of datasets that is more attuned to image or facial recognition. While both algorithms may be able to build better models to identify outcomes, DNNs for expected trend outcomes and CNNs for recognition confirmation, the key piece to almost every one is correct training models and relevant input vectors. As discussed in Identifying and training deep learning neural networks on biomedical-related datasets (Woessner, et al., 2025), learning algorithms must be constantly trained and re-trained, often with the same training dataset to achieve a more refined and confident algorithm that does not suffer as much from bias incurred from natural human tendencies. In order to get the best algorithm, no matter the AI, they must be built to withstand errors from humans and identify weakness in the input datasets. 




Woessner, A. E., Anjum, U., Salman, H., Lear, J., Turner, J. T., Campbell, R., Beaudry, L., Zhan, J., Cornett, L. E., Gauch, S., & Quinn, K. P. (2024). Identifying and training deep learning neural networks on biomedical-related datasets. Briefings in Bioinformatics, 25(Supplement_1). https://doi.org/10.1093/bib/bbae232